[Music]
hi this is tony from cookingaround today
we're going to make buffalo chicken
wings my way I will show you how to
prepare the chicken wings and then I'm
going to show you how to make a nice
fast fast super fast sauce to go with it
first of all I have a bowl here of one
kilo of chicken wings so we take one
chicken wings and you notice that the
chicken wings here is basically in three
pieces the drum the center and the tip
you've got other things for it but
that's what they're called
now we're going to cut it right about
here and release this drum part the tip
some people like to remove it
I don't that's my favorite part once
it's done so what we do is we take this
chicken wing and we just cut right down
the center here and it comes right off
and there we go now I'm gonna prepare
the rest now I have cut up the chicken
into various pieces that we're going to
use and at the same time it's already
washed now what I have to do is dry it
so we take that and we draw it very very
very good very very well really nice and
dry so here's our chicken wings and now
what we do is we take a little bit of
oil
well this they use oil which is
definitely well you know basically is
what you want and just take that
now policy is the best thing now we are
going to app at less than about half a
cup of white flour because I don't have
that many chicken wings here and of
course famous soft you're probably
asking why does this guy always lose
this little tiny bag well it's a long
story
my girlfriend promised to buy me this
specialty to hold a soulful cooking and
it's not here yet so until it because
this is what I'm going to use too much
of course the famous top it off I have
some chicken seasoning here which has
some cayenne pepper in here and some of
the little goodies you can just use
cayenne pepper or don't even put it at
all I just put cos some people may not
want to have it with the hot sauce so
they can just have it with this and then
just be more models okay now we're gonna
do is we're gonna transfer this into a
bag make sure the bank has no hole use
you can use a garbage bag using
basically pepper bag as long as it's
clean there's nothing inside so now take
the bag and I already checked to make
sure there's no holes and I just dumped
the whole thing inside that air
those air pockets in there to turn
around does another work but when I go
to take it off because you don't do that
sometimes
it comes right out through the opening
we do the background not rocket science
Oh chicken up nice nice even cold
there we are now over here take the bag
now you rip the bag drop it in perfectly
[Music]
she said no okay have a plug in for well
I have a big be about an inch in happen
to it just well you don't need anymore
I have to do this in two batches though
for the amount that have one cable now
how do we know that the oil is ready
what you do just take one of the chicken
wings
hold on your finger and just put them in
and don't see all the bubbles going
there
that means it's perfect amateur now we
don't want the temperature very very
high because we do not want the outside
to be cooked very very fast and the
inside it is still not cooked properly
so make sure that your heat is more or
less than medium at this point and all
you do know is just grab your chicken
and just
very carefully very carefully from
inside and here we are and air box and
basically I like mine a little bit more
persons in their role in water
temperature so you've got a bowl you
with bigger balls and very carefully
just now what I do from here is after I
dried them with the paper I put them on
a rack to dry further that way they
don't become soggy and they hold
themselves very crispy okay so here's
our delicious chicken wings and welcome
back we don't know if we can make a
sauce for our buffalo chicken wings
they're flying there right now on the
side grab yourself about half a cup of
butter we don't want it to burn so make
sure that he goes no whoa
now we add a little bit less of one
third of ketchup yes ketchup makes your
life a lot easier if it's a
multi-billion dollar corporation well it
must be good
[Music]
there
and now there's also a sauce my tomato
paste which you can find on my other
video but if you don't want to use that
and basically use any type of putt sauce
that you want but I think my own so if I
working about what a quarter of a cup
you can add more if you really what you
want to talk but I guess may not like it
that talk so I just put in less than a
quarter cup and now we add a little bit
of salt just the pitch and now this
secret two tablespoons of honey if you
want the brown sugar if you want instead
I like honey it's more natural and you
just stir that around and there is that
delicious delicious pot not too thick
not be back and that
basically none notice here that we have
the chicken weeks I didn't put no sauce
on it just came out of the fryer like
that and dipping sauce so again we have
to do to taste this now I can only eat
one because my guests are coming but I
really don't want to you know spoil it
too for them just like that sauce is
absolutely perfect and here's a taste
test that is really really good sugar no
sugar a cup of it I don't think so
here's my white toast everybody out
there please don't forget to have me
subscribe and remember what I always say
good wine good food and good friends
makes a good luck thank you very much
and I'll see you on my next cooking
series thank you
[Music]